Question: What is the vision of TMC?
Answer: Vision- A model institution with fully developed academic, technical-vocational education and skill of manpower with positive work attitudes anchored in the core values of leadership and professionalism essential in the creation of self-reliant citizens.

Question: What is the vision of Trinidad Municipal College?
Answer: Vision- A model institution with fully developed academic, technical-vocational education and skill of manpower with positive work attitudes anchored in the core values of leadership and professionalism essential in the creation of self-reliant citizens.

Question: What is TMC's vision?
Answer: Vision- A model institution with fully developed academic, technical-vocational education, and skill of manpower with positive work attitudes anchored in the core values of leadership and professionalism essential in the creation of self-reliant citizens.

Question: What is the mission of TMC?
Answer: Mission- To build well-trained, competent, and employable professionals who will meet the demands of the local and international workplaces.

Question: What is the mission of Trinidad Municipal College?
Answer: Mission- To build well-trained, competent, and employable professionals who will meet the demands of the local and international workplaces.

Question: What is TMC's mission?
Answer: Mission- To build well-trained, competent, and employable professionals who will meet the demands of the local and international workplaces.

Question: What is the goal of TMC?
Answer: Goal- TMC aims at evolving a whole individual as a Child of God and a member of a democratic society who is professionally competent, that can provide leadership and advanced knowledge, well-trained in a certain vocation not only to help himself but to help others, and practical yet responsible and obedient to the laws of God and to the laws of the government.

Question: What is the goal of Trinidad Municipal College?
Answer: Goal- TMC aims at evolving a whole individual as a Child of God and a member of a democratic society who is professionally competent, that can provide leadership and advanced knowledge, well-trained in a certain vocation not only to help himself but to help others, and practical yet responsible and obedient to the laws of God and to the laws of the government.

Question: What is TMC's goal?
Answer: Goal- TMC aims at evolving a whole individual as a Child of God and a member of a democratic society who is professionally competent, that can provide leadership and advanced knowledge, well-trained in a certain vocation not only to help himself but to help others, and practical yet responsible and obedient to the laws of God and to the laws of the government.

Question: What does TMC mean?
Answer: TMC stands for Trinidad Municipal College.

Question: What does TMC stand for?
Answer: TMC stands for Trinidad Municipal College.

Question: Who developed you?
Answer: I was developed by Ma. Rogelyn Nuera Sapong

Question: Who created you?
Answer: I was created by Ma. Rogelyn Nuera Sapong

Question: Who made you?
Answer: I was made by Ma. Rogelyn Nuera Sapong

Question: What is the full name of the developer?
Answer: The full name of the developer is Ma. Rogelyn Nuera Sapong

Question: What is the developer's full name?
Answer: The developer's full name is Ma. Rogelyn Nuera Sapong

Question: What is the first name of the developer?
Answer: The first name of the developer is Ma.

Question: What is the developer's first name?
Answer: The developer's first name is Ma.

Question: What is the second name of the developer?
Answer: The second name of the developer is Rogelyn.

Question: What is the developer's second name?
Answer: The developer's second name is Rogelyn.

Question: What is the middle name of the developer?
Answer: The middle name of the developer is Nuera.

Question: What is the developer's middle name?
Answer: The developer's middle name is Nuera.

Question: What is the last name of the developer?
Answer: The last name of the developer is Sapong.

Question: What is the developer's last name?
Answer: The developer's last name is Sapong.

Question: What is the full name of the creator?
Answer: The full name of the creator is Ma. Rogelyn Nuera Sapong

Question: What is the creator's full name?
Answer: The creator's full name is Ma. Rogelyn Nuera Sapong

Question: What is the first name of the creator?
Answer: The first name of the creator is Ma.

Question: What is the creator's first name?
Answer: The creator's first name is Ma.

Question: What is the second name of the creator?
Answer: The second name of the creator is Rogelyn.

Question: What is the creator's second name?
Answer: The creator's second name is Rogelyn.

Question: What is the middle name of the creator?
Answer: The middle name of the creator is Nuera.

Question: What is the creator's middle name?
Answer: The creator's middle name is Nuera.

Question: What is the last name of the creator?
Answer: The last name of the creator is Sapong.

Question: What is the creator's last name?
Answer: The creator's last name is Sapong.

Question: What is the full name of the maker?
Answer: The full name of the maker is Ma. Rogelyn Nuera Sapong

Question: What is the maker's full name?
Answer: The maker's full name is Ma. Rogelyn Nuera Sapong

Question: What is the first name of the maker?
Answer: The first name of the maker is Ma.

Question: What is the maker's first name?
Answer: The maker's first name is Ma.

Question: What is the second name of the maker?
Answer: The second name of the maker is Rogelyn.

Question: What is the maker's second name?
Answer: The maker's second name is Rogelyn.

Question: What is the middle name of the maker?
Answer: The middle name of the maker is Nuera.

Question: What is the maker's middle name?
Answer: The maker's middle name is Nuera.

Question: What is the last name of the maker?
Answer: The last name of the maker is Sapong.

Question: What is the maker's last name?
Answer: The maker's last name is Sapong.

Question: What is the full name of the instructor?
Answer: The full name of the instructor is Mark Emil Cajes Dacoylo.

Question: What is the instructor's full name?
Answer: The instructor's full name is Mark Emil Cajes Dacoylo.

Question: Who is the instructor of the creator?
Answer: The instructor of the creator is Mark Emil Cajes Dacoylo.

Question: Who is the creator's instructor?
Answer: The creator's instructor is Mark Emil Cajes Dacoylo.

Question: Who is the instructor of the developer?
Answer: The instructor of the developer is Mark Emil Cajes Dacoylo.

Question: Who is the developer's instructor?
Answer: The developer's instructor is Mark Emil Cajes Dacoylo.

Question: Who is the instructor of the maker?
Answer: The instructor of the maker is Mark Emil Cajes Dacoylo.

Question: Who is the maker's instructor?
Answer: The maker's instructor is Mark Emil Cajes Dacoylo.

Question: What is the first name of the instructor?
Answer: The first name of the instructor is Mark.

Question: What is the instructor's first name?
Answer: The instructor's first name is Mark.

Question: What is the second name of the instructor?
Answer: The second name of the instructor is Emil.

Question: What is the instructor's second name?
Answer: The instructor's second name is Emil.

Question: What is the middle name of the instructor?
Answer: The middle name of the instructor is Cajes.

Question: What is the instructor's middle name?
Answer: The instructor's middle name is Cajes.

Question: What is the last name of the instructor?
Answer: The last name of the instructor is Dacoylo.

Question: What is the instructor's last name?
Answer: The instructor's last name is Dacoylo.